[OSDOCS#17175]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-2 (#114273)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/compliance-custom-storage.adoc

[id="compliance-custom-storage_{context}"]
= Setting custom storage size for results

[role="_abstract"]

> While ComplianceCheckResult resources summarize one check across all scanned nodes, raw scanner results in ARF format are too large to store in etcd-backed Kubernetes resources. You can store them on a per-scan persistent volume and increase the default 1 GiB size by setting rawResultStorage.size in a ScanSetting or ComplianceScan resource.

Reviewer: [IBM Style Guide](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#w): To avoid potential ambiguity, do not use (while) as a synonym for although or though in documentation.
```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
Although `ComplianceCheckResult` custom resources summarize one check across all scanned nodes, raw scanner results in ARF format are too large to store in etcd-backed Kubernetes resources. You can store them on a per-scan persistent volume and increase the default 1 GiB size by setting the `rawResultStorage.size` value in a `ScanSetting` or `ComplianceScan` resource.
```

> While the custom resources such as `ComplianceCheckResult` represent an aggregated result of one check across all scanned nodes, it can be useful to review the raw results as produced by the scanner. The raw results are produced in the ARF format and can be large (tens of megabytes per node), it is impractical to store them in a Kubernetes resource backed by the `etcd` key-value store. Instead, every scan creates a persistent volume (PV) which defaults to 1GB size. Depending on your environment, you might want to increase the PV size accordingly. This is done using the `rawResultStorage.size` attribute that is exposed in both the `ScanSetting` and `ComplianceScan` resources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
While `ComplianceCheckResult` resources summarize one check across all scanned nodes, raw scanner results in ARF format are too large to store in etcd-backed Kubernetes resources. You can store them on a per-scan persistent volume and increase the default 1 GiB size by setting `rawResultStorage.size` in a `ScanSetting` or `ComplianceScan` resource.
```

Reviewer 2: This is too long and doesn't adhere to the guidance length. I understand you are trying to not change the original too much, but some abstracts need to be rewritten or wordsmithed a bit.
